Add tips to speed up indexation and remove crashes (#1231)
meilisearch/documentation: resources/faq.md

## Why does MeiliSearch crash when I try to add documents?

Please check out [this section](/reference/under_the_hood/indexation.md#memory-crashes) to understand why it happens and to fix it.

## How can I speed up indexation when adding documents?

> Please check out [this whole section](/reference/under_the_hood/indexation.md#speed-up-the-indexation-time) to improve your indexation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexation is one of MeiliSearch's most resource-intensive processes. For more information on how to optimize it, take a look at [our dedicated indexation guide](/reference/under_the_hood/indexation.md#speed-up-the-indexation-time).
```
